DOCS-1663: Adds new section regarding delays in outgoing payments (#967)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/faq/refunds/outgoing-payments-delays.md

---
title : "Can a delay in outgoing payments occur?"
weight: 58
meta_title: "Can a delay in outgoing payments occur? - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
read_more: '.'
---

> Outgoing payments such as refunds and withdrawls may be delayed depending on the bank the payment has been issued through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outgoing payments such as refunds and withdrawals may be delayed depending on the bank the payment has been issued through.
```

> As soon as outgoing payments are passed on to a bank, the status of an order will change from _Reserved_ to _Completed_ around midnight. It is then the responsibility of the bank to process the outgoing payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When outgoing payments are passed on to a bank, the status of an order changes from _Reserved_ to _Completed_ around midnight. It is then the responsibility of the bank to process the outgoing payment.
```

> Although, if the status is marked as _Reserved_, you can still cancel the outgoing payment. Furthemore, outgoing payments are not processed if your balance is insufficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although, if the status is marked as _Reserved_, you can still cancel the outgoing payment. Furthermore, outgoing payments are not processed if your balance is insufficient.
```
